Warning de uso de curls de industrias (#1127)
mercadopago/devsite-docs: guides/resources/industry-data/additional-info.en.md

Check what fields you can submit according to your industry to improve your approval.

> WARNING 
> 
> Use of examples
> 

> > This information apply only for the Preferences API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This information applies only for the Preferences API.
```

> > The following curls only apply for the preferences API.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> This information apply only for the Preferences API.
```
